engine: clarify order of operation for fcu v3 (#479)
ethereum/execution-apis: src/engine/cancun.md

This method follows the same specification as [`engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV2`](./shanghai.md#engine_forkchoiceupdatedv2) with addition of the following:

> 1. Client software **MUST** validate and apply the forkchoice state before validating `payloadAttributes`. If `forkchoiceState` does not match the expected fields, clients must return `-32602: Invalid params`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Client software **MUST** validate and apply the forkchoice state before starting to validate and process `payloadAttributes`. If `forkchoiceState` does not match the expected fields, clients must return `-32602: Invalid params`.
```
I think we should be more specific here e.g. `payloadAttributes` must not even be validated in the case when `SYNCING` is returned by EL. Alternatively, we can make a change to the Paris spec to separate `payloadAttributes` processing from the main flow like encapsulating its validation and the build process  setup in a dedicated step and explicitly saying that this step is only executed when `forkchoiceState` is successfully applied.

This would allow for extending `payloadAttributes` and `forkchoiceState` processing steps in the future without the need to be specific about the relations of those steps. Thoughts on that?

Reviewer 2: Agree with including a caveat for `SYNCING`. `payloadAttributes` validation during `SYNCING` is currently required by the hive test `Invalid PayloadAttributes: Missing BeaconRoot (Syncing) (Cancun)`, which I believe is incorrect.

`payloadAttributes` to build a block with are irrelevant when `SYNCING` and should be ignored instead, since this suggests the CL doesn't know the EL is syncing yet, and should not have requested a new block to be built.

2. Client software **MUST** check that `payloadAttributes` strictly matches the expected fields and return `-38003: Invalid payload attributes` error if this check fails. Any field having `null` value **MUST** be considered as not provided.

> 3. Client software **MUST** return `-38005: Unsupported fork` error if the `payloadAttributes` is set and the `payloadAttributes.timestamp` does not fall within the time frame of the Cancun fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Client software **MUST** return `-38005: Unsupported fork` error if the `payloadAttributes` is set and the `payloadAttributes.timestamp` does not fall within the time frame of the Cancun fork.

4. Client software **MUST** return `-38003: Invalid payload attributes` if the `payloadAttributes.timestamp` is less or equal to the timestamp of a block referenced by `forkchoiceState.headBlockHash`.
```

I thought it might worth adding this check as well to avoid it being lost and to establish a strict order of `payloadAttributes` checks.

Author: added

a validation **MUST** be added:

> 1. Client software **MUST** return `-38005: Unsupported fork` error if the `timestamp` of payload or payloadAttributes greater or equal to the Cancun activation timestamp.

Author: i think a newline is getting added here by my editor
